For developer setup / install / upgrade instructions, see INSTALL.md
in the repository root. The notes below are the original feature spec
from the admissions office, kept for reference.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Raj,

1. For data (Excel file is attached for headings)

 Need excel file upload link to extract data from excel file. Excel file contain following head of columns

Make candidate profile using this column.

On portal candidate profile contains following data

 a. Dept Reg. No.

 b. Name

 c. Gender

 d. Birth Category

 e. EWS

 f. Disabled?

 g.  Categories Applied to

 h. Research Interests (for selected department)

 i. Remark

 

2. For Shortlisting

 Need a drop down for each candidate profile with three options

  a. Yes

  b. No

  c. Doubtful

 

3. For marks entering (Written test / CBT)

 Two options, For CBT Moodle file upload link and for hard copy test, need page for entering marks

This page need 

 a. search box for Dept Reg. No. after extracting data

 b. need box for entering written marks

 c. Any Remark (which is entered in original file)

 

4. For shortlisting

Need a text box for enter marks for cut off (For GN only) with following information

 a. Total catagory wise candidates (GN, OBC-NC, SC, ST, EWS, PWD)

 b. total male and female students

 c. total no of candidates as per Research Interests (for selected department) (which is in master file)

 d. comparison pie diagram on page for different cutoff scores

 

5. Panel making

After shortlisting panleling of students will be created according to their catagory applied for.

and pdf format to download the list of candidates for presently at the time of interview (only three columns Dept reg no, name, sign)

 

6. For Interview marks entry

Need to create 6 profile for this according to Research Area they applied, they will only see the candidates of that panel.

 search box for entering Dept Reg. No. to fetch candidate profile (all data excluding Birth category details)

 a. name

 b. marks of UG, PG, Competitive exam,

 c. Categories Applied to

 d. Box for entering marks (4 categories, 25 marks each, Functional Knowledge, Research Aptitude, Quality of Research Proposals, Communication Skill and total marks box which calculate automatically).

 e. check box for recommend or not recommended box at end of the page

 

7. Final shortlisting of candidate after verification of marks

Snehal Ma'am will give you formula for departmental mean, and for final shortlisting process need a drop down for selecting a candidate which include two types of drop down

 a. Selected

 b. Not Selected

 

Under selected need different category

 a, TA/RA 

 b. SF

 c. EX

 d. CT

 e. TAP

 f. FA

 g. SW

 also after that need to assign birth category number

and also need a drop down that is Waitlisted.

